unit 2 todo

o embedded video for hobbyist (#6)
x links for professor (#5)
o lots of content for student (#4)
o lots of content for student (#3)
o lots of content for hobbyist (#2)
o lots of content for questioner (#1)


---

x a minimum of three HTML pages complying with at least XHTML 1.0 standards or (better).

x at least one image.

x hyperlinks between all the pages (using relative URLs).

x at least one hyperlink to an external website.

x sufficient text to require the use of at least two heading styles
at least one list (ordered or unordered).

x at least one <div> tag (preferably more), with a specified name, to identify a section of a page (of no particular value yet, but needed later on). It would be best if this were something that you see the need to reformat later to change its appearance, position, or behaviour, for example a sidebar floated on one side of the page.

x at least one <span> tag (preferably more), with a specified name, to identify a section of text within a paragraph or other block-level element (again, no immediate value—for use later). It would be best if this were something that you see the need to reformat later to change its appearance, position, or behaviour, for example, a change in typeface or font.

x a table. (Special note regarding tables: tables are only ever to be used for tabular data, with meaningful rows and columns of data, never to lay out things on the page—such use is common but strongly deprecated because of accessibility issues).

x a form, the contents of which are mailed to the author (you).

---

x well structured, standards-compliant HTML code with no deprecated tags, attributes, or uses of HTML

o effective use of the scenarios and personas from Unit 1, with clear rationales and appropriate design decisions based on how you expect the pages to be used and who you expect to use them.

o usability – bearing in mind personas and scenarios from Unit 1 and taking into account that different people may access your site with markedly different browsers (including mobile devices).

x a broad range of HTML tags and attributes used, but only when appropriate, not for the sake of it. Examples might include heading styles, tables, hypertext links, anchors, lists (ordered, unordered, definition), divs, spans, text formatting (descriptive, not related to appearance).

x accessibility – suitable for users with different browsers and different abilities/disabilities.

x effective navigation between pages (bearing in mind usability and accessibility constraints).

x effective organization of files: images, for example, should be saved in a separate directory (later there will be other subdirectories for different kinds of files).

x author name and date of last modification on each page.

x images sized appropriately for the Web, with useful alt attributes for those unable to see them.

x clear, effective communication that is appropriate to the personas and scenarios you have identified in Unit 1.